Chore: use correct type for wildcard lower bound (#1227)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

**User-visible changes:**

The EISOP Checker Framework now use `NullType` instead `Void` to denote the bottom type in the Java type hierarchy.

> It is visible when printing out the error message with type variable's or wildcard's lower bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is visible in error messages with type variable's or wildcard's lower bounds.
The type of the `null` literal in the Nullness Checker is now displayed as `@Nullable NullType` instead of the earlier `null (NullType)`.
```
